Add blog: Announcing IPFS Camp 2022 (#469)
ipfs/ipfs-blog: src/_blog/announcing-the-second-ever-ipfs-camp.md

---
title: Announcing the Second Ever IPFS Camp!

> description: Join the community to discuss and learn more about the present and future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Join us to discuss and learn more about the present and future
```

  of IPFS.
author: ''
date: 2022-09-09
permalink: "/2022-09-09-announcing-ipfs-camp-2022/"
translationKey: ''
header_image: "/ipfs-blog-header_-ipfs-camp.png"
tags: []

---
Get ready for [IPFS Camp 2022](https://2022.ipfs.camp/)! After a long hiatus, this incredible community is excited to come together again on October 28th-30th in Lisbon, Portugal.

IPFS Camp is a gathering for devs, operators, implementers, researchers – and you. Join the event for talks, workshops, discussion circles, hacking time, and more, all focused on celebrating and advancing IPFS. Check out the 2019 recap [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc_dxO-V8YM) and [blog post](https://blog.ipfs.tech/2019-07-08-ipfs-camp-recap/) for a taste of what to expect.

> ### **Help make IPFS Camp awesome!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **Featured tracks**
```

This will be a decentralized event with multiple tracks and track leads. Most tracks will be half-day or full-day; a few others may extend longer. A few of the tracks that may be in store include:

> * Implementations Showcase: Learn about exciting new implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IPFS Tools for Fun & Awesome: A highlights reel of the most exciting and useful user and developer tools for IPFS.
```

> * Designing the next internet with IPFS: 201-level talks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Learning IPFS 101: What is IPFS? What can it do for me, my projects, and the internet as a whole? How do I get started using or building with it?
* Learning IPFS 201: How do I design production-grade applications with IPFS? How do things like CAR files and gateways work? 
```

> * Operating IPFS at Scale: Talks from IPFS Operators about their deployments, best practices, tools they have built, problems encountered and solutions built (evolution of Pinning Summit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operating IPFS at Scale: Talks from large-scale IPFS about their deployments, best practices, problems encountered, and solutions built
```

* Decentralized Science and IPFS

> * Introduction to IPFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved to line 23.

> * Lightning Talks from Builders, showcasing IPFS projects from around the world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Measurement and Performance: Talks about work measuring various aspects of IPFS, libp2p, or similar systems. Profiling, measurement, and takeaways and recommendations for builders.
```

> * New Problems in Decentralized Network Design, an invitation to the research community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Libp2p Day: A gathering of libp2p builders and users. 
```

> * Growing with IPFS: funding, grants, decentralized job fair, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Growing with IPFS: Contributing, building, funding, grants, accelerators, decentralized job fair, and more ways to get involved.
```

> * Project and Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Content Routing: Approaches and protocols to content routing in IPFS, what we've learned so far, and talks about possible directions for the future.
* IPFS Implementations: A wave of new IPFS implementations has grown in the past year, and go-ipfs has evolved into kubo. Meet the teams behind each one, learn what each is best at, and see roadmaps for the future.
* Artists, Creators, & IPFS: Learn how various artists and creators use IPFS. Learn what's important about decentralization, how to mint NFTs, and how different platforms stack up.
* Gaming, Metaverse, and Video: Demos of how IPFS can save bandwidth and increase flexibility. Talks about directions for the future.

```

Reviewer: Added a bunch of recently added tracks and their descriptions

> CFPs will open soon, but in the meantime please share any ideas for new tracks, or submissions to these tracks, on [Github](https://discuss.ipfs.tech/t/announcing-the-second-ever-ipfs-camp-oct-28-30-2022/15078).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Help make IPFS Camp awesome!

We want to showcase and celebrate users, builders, and contributors from across the globe. Please consider sharing your knowledge and experiences with the community by [Applying to Speak](https://airtable.com/shrOxmXUqwojf0Bjj) or [Suggesting a New Track](https://airtable.com/shrBQqf7YJRPdrgUo).
```

> Tickets are [available now](https://2022.ipfs.camp/)! Stay tuned to the [ipfs.camp](https://ipfs.camp/) website for the very latest info and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tickets are [available now](https://2022.ipfs.camp/)! Stay tuned to the [2022.ipfs.camp](https://2022.ipfs.camp/) website for the very latest info and resources.
```
